Experimental Alertmanager API (#2768)
cortexproject/cortex: docs/apis.md

**Body**: None

## Alertmanager

### Experimental API

> Simiarly to the Cortex Ruler, the Cortex Alertmanager supports operations using a configured object storage client as a backend for the storage and management of user's Alertmanager configuration. These API endpoints are opt-in and must be enabled via the `experimental.alertmanger.enable-api` config flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly to the Cortex Ruler, the Cortex Alertmanager supports operations using a configured object storage client as a backend for the storage and management of user's Alertmanager configuration. These API endpoints are opt-in and must be enabled via the `-experimental.alertmanger.enable-api` CLI flag.
```
